hi What's Wrong buddy someone at work
ate my sandwich well what did the police
say my Thanksgiving leftover sandwich I
can't believe someone just ate it Ross
is just a sandwich just a sandwich look
I am 30 years old okay I'm gonna be
divorced twice and I just got evicted
that sandwich was the only good thing
going on in my life someone ain't the
only good thing going on in my life some
nice sweater-vest okay look I have
enough stuff for one more sandwich I
mean I was gonna eat it myself but that
would be incredible thank you so much I
can't believe someone ate it everything
knock knock who's there
Ross Geller's lunch Ross Geller's lunch
who Ross Geller's lunch please don't
take me baby you're not--' amazing
not only did no one touch my sandwich
but people at work are actually afraid
of me yeah I got called me mental mental
Geller a cool nickname like that they're
the best you got in high school was a
wet pants killer
the water fountain okay
anyway people are writing reports for me
pushing back deadlines to fit my
schedule I'm telling you you get tough
with people and you can get anything you
want
hey Tribbiani give me that coffee now
[Applause]
may I have a word with you oh of course
Donald we've been getting reports of
some very angry behavior on your part
what the threatening letters refusal to
meet deadlines apparently people now
call you mental we want you to speak to
a psychiatrist
you don't understand us this is so silly
um this is all just because of a
sandwich I sandwich yeah you see my
sister makes these amazing turkey
sandwiches her secret is she puts an
extra slice of gravy soaked bread in the
middle I call it the moist maker anyway
I put my sandwich in the fridge okay or
you know what well I I'm sorry I uh I
believe I ate that you ate my sandwich
it was a simple mistake it could happen
to anyone
oh really did you confuse it with your
own turkey sandwich with a moist maker
No do you perhaps remember seeing a note
on top of it there may have been a joke
or the America of some kind that said it
was my sandwich not now calm down come
look in my office some of it may still
be in the trash well it was quite large
I I had to throw most of it away you
threw my sandwich away my sandwich
well here it is a new place for a new
Ross I'm gonna have you and all the guys
from work over once it's you know
furnished I must say it's nice to see
you back on your feet well I am that and
that whole rage thing is definitely
behind me I wonder if it's time for you
to rejoin our team at the Museum Oh
Donald that that would be great I am
totally ready to come back to work I
know
I'm sorry you were doing through the
window myself when you were done' my
sister now get out here
we had a good run no what was it for
five months I mean that's more than most
people have in a lifetime so goodbye
take care bye bye there what are you
doing oh I'm going on the lam what's
going on well I think I think Ross knows
about me and Monica my best friend this
is my sister my best friend and my
sister I cannot believe this look we're
not just messing around I love her okay
I'm in love with her I'm so sorry that
you had to find out this way sorry but
it's true I love him too
my best friend
[Applause]
you guys want to probably get some hugs
into huh big nose
that's okay we've actually known for a
while what what what you guys knew you
you all knew and you didn't tell me well
Ross we were worried about you okay we
didn't know how you were gonna react you
were worried about you didn't know how I
was gonna be
okay all right
whoo what do you say we all clear out of
here let these two lovebirds get back
down to business
hey hey hey I'm just talking here he's
the one doing your sister
[Applause]
yo paisan can I talk to you for a sec
your tailor is a very bad man Frankie
hey what's going on
Joey's tailor took advantage of me what
no way I've been going to the guy for 12
years oh come on he said he was gonna do
my inseam then he ran his hand up my leg
and then there was definite
what cupping
that's how they do pants
first they go up one side they move it
over then they go up the other side they
move it back and then they do the rear
what Ross will you tell them isn't that
how a tailor measures pants yes yes it
is in prison
[Applause]
it's a matter with you
let's not oh my god
you
ok buddy-boy here it is you hide my
clothes I'm wearing everything you own
oh my god
that is shown up the opposite of taking
somebody's underwear look at me
I'm Chandler could I be wearing any more
clothes maybe if I wasn't going commando
I'll tell you it's hot with all this
stuff on I I better not do any I don't
know lunges
hey how was the first day Oh excellent
everyone was so so nice see paste
another man who wears my shoes me know I
didn't tell anybody that I knew you why
not well because you know they don't
like you what I thought you do that no
huh
who doesn't like me everyone except for
um no everyone what are you talking
about don't feel bad you know they used
to like you a lot but then you got
promoted and you know now you're all
like mr. bossman you know mr. big mr.
big bossman big I can't believe it yeah
yeah they even do you they do me you
know like okay could that report be any
later
I don't sound like that oh yeah you do
the hills are alive with the sound of
music let's go okay I don't sound like
that that is so not true
that is so not that is so enough that
I'll shut up
[Music]
Hey Joe what shoot some hoops huh I
can't go I'm practicing I got an
audition to be the host of a new game
show Oh cut school yeah yeah and if I
get it
by day I'll be dr. Drake for Maury but
by night I'll be Joey Tribbiani you'll
be perfect for this that's already your
name
the auditions in a couple of hours and I
don't even understand the game well do
you want some help
oh really that'd be great hey you guys
can be the contestants awesome okay I
guess we can lose to junior high girl
some other time let's play bamboozled
bamboozled yeah it's not a cool name
yeah okay our first contestant is Ross
Geller why don't you tell us a little
bit about yourself for us well uh I I'm
a paleontologist I live in New York
I have a son Ben I've been a little bit
Ross now well Joey I'm a headhunter i
hook up out-of-work Soviet scientists
with rogue third world nations hi
Rasputin excellent let's play bamboozled
Chandler you'll go first what is the
capital of Colombia Bogota its Bogota
but close enough now you can either pass
your turn to Ross or pick a wicked WANGO
card what does a wicked WANGO card do I
should know that let's see just one
moment please
here we are a wicked WANGO card
determines whether you go higher or
lower higher lower than what
this is embarrassing leave how lame this
is I'm sorry I don't believe contestants
are allowed to talk to each other all
right Roz you're in the lead would you
like to take another question or spin
the wheel of mayhem the wheel has not
been my friend tonight Joey I'll take
another question okay
this is gonna be tough hold your breath
it's okay I'm ready
no dude you gotta hold your breath you
ready to answer the question it's part
of the game ridiculous she's not okay
what do you have a fear of if you suffer
from this phobia
Triss it's good holy cow that's a big
curse truth seriously look at this thing
Chandler how do you say that I see then
this one right here triskaidekaphobia
fear of Triscuits no need no fear of the
number 13 fear of Triscuits it's
possible they've really sharp edges all
right Chandler you're up wait a minute I
believe I'm entitled to use my angel
pass for a free turn this game makes no
sense you know you're just upset because
you're losing oh come on Ross I think
we're all losers here all right Chandler
you can either spin the wheel or pick a
Google card oh I don't care you you must
choose mr. Bay either it makes no
difference
choose you jackass I'll take a card okay
you pick the gimme card you get all of
Ross's points what this game is kind of
fun
you don't think it's a little crazy that
you get all my points same thing
contestants are supposed to speak to
each other in what john huston film
would you hear this line badges we don't
need no stinking badges treasure of
Sierra Madre correct there's a possible
backwards bonus Padre Sierra the
treasure
yes I'd like to go up the ladder of
chance to the golden mud hut please
wise choice how many rungs six mean one
thing I'd like a wicked WANGO card okay
it's an audio question named this
television theme song intelligent time
turtles shut up yes yes you're back in
the lead I'd like to spin the wheel
super speedy speed round
is there a hopping bonus of course who
invented bifocals Ben Franklin correct
which monarch has ruled Great Britain
the longest Queen Victoria correct again
but you forgot to switch legs between
versions oh so no hopping
over to Chandler I'd like a Google card
are you sure yes no Google oh my god
congratulations Ross because Chandler
you've been bamboozled
I got it how about if we win they have
to get rid of the rooster
oh that's interesting if you win give up
the bird yeah but if we win we get your
apartment what was Monica's nickname
when she was a field hockey goalie big
fat goalie correct Rachel claims this is
her favorite movie Dangerous Liaisons
correct her actual favorite movie is
weekend at Bernie's correct Monica
categorizes her towels how many
categories are there if you use fancy
guest fancy guest 2 seconds 11 11
unbelievable 11 is correct
Chandler was how old when he first
touched a girl's breast 14 no 19 thanks
man Joey had an imaginary childhood
friend his name was Maurice correct his
profession was correct
what is Chandler Bing's job you know
what you are mean boys who are just
being mean hey don't get mad at us no
one forced you to raise the stage that
is not true she did she forced me we'd
still be living here if you hadn't
gotten the question wrong what was this
stupid unfair question don't blame the
questions don't stop yelling in our
apartment you are ruining moving day for
us
okay that's like the least fun game ever
I'm really sticky you're smoking so I
brought something that is going to help
to quit Oh
nope that patch is no good Hypno's just
tape this woman that can work used it
for two weeks straight and she hasn't
smoked since you are falling fast asleep
deeper deeper deeper you are now
completely asleep you don't need to
smoke cigarettes don't control you
you are a strong confident woman
you know I forgot the combination of
this about a year ago I just carry it
around a chapstick oh yeah hey how are
those tapes working out for you you know
I'm pretty good good I haven't smoked
yet today I feel great and confident
that is a stunning blouse came on let's
give Pete a chance come on he was funny
he seems really nice and that chick
thing was adorable
Oh check thing as a joke this customer
at work who has a crush on me gave me a
$20,000 tip his numbers on the check he
just did it so I'd call Pete Becker
people is this him that's Bill Clinton
who's he hugging oh my god that's Pete
what why is Bill hugging Pete this guy
imbedded Moss 865 every office in the
world uses that program what use it
there you go
Monica's gonna go out with a millionaire
I'm not gonna go out with him why not
he's a millionaire so oh my god I can't
believe this is the real $20,000 check
oh this is just so exciting or
incredibly offensive well yeah sure that
too
[Applause]
what all right I'm gonna go play
basketball or at least let the really
good guys use my ball while I say can I
plank and I play Oh
Joey you left your keys in the door oh
here you go
oh my god
[Applause]
guys please I'm just gonna have dinner
with him okay okay okay just because he
buys you dinner does not mean you owe
him anything okay then get the lobster
hey hey hey how much cash you got in
your pocket right now and that's why I'm
not inviting you in for a drink
oh great this is just
oh my god it's her
it's that Victoria's Secret model
something something Goodacre hi mom it's
still she's right it's Jill oh my god I
am trapped in an ATM vestibule with Jill
Goodacre
is it a vestibule maybe tonight oh yeah
that is the part to focus on you idiot
yeah I'm fine just stuck at the bank an
ATM vestibule Jill says vestibule I'm
going with thanks to me I'm fine no I'm
not alone I don't know some guy Oh some
guy some guy hey Jill I saw you with
some guy last night yes he was some guys
all right right right it's been 14 and a
half minutes and you still have not said
one word oh god do something just make
contact smile there you go you're
definitely scaring her would you like to
call somebody yeah about 300 guys I went
to high school
Thanks hello hey it's me it's Chandler
are you okay yeah I'm fine
I'm Trevor what I have no idea what you
just said put Joey on the phone what's
up man oh my god he's trapped in an ATM
vestibule with Jill Goodacre
Chandler listen listen yeah like that
dot never entered my mouth
do you like some guy oh is it sugarless
sorry oh no thanks what the hell was
that
mental note if Jill Goodacre offers you
gum you take it if she offers you
mangled animal carcass you take it you
know what second thought gum would be
perfection gum would be perfection gum
would be perfection
SOTA said gum would be nice cuz I said
I'll have a stick but no no no for me
gum is perfection I love myself okay
what next blah blah a bubble is good
it's got a boyish charm its impish here
we go
[Laughter]
that's going in okay it's okay I need to
do is reach over and put it back in my
mouth good safe back on track and I'm
chewing someone else's gum yes thank you
that was that was perfection
Chandler we've been here for an hour
doing this now watch it's easy okay
[Laughter]
[Music]
yes yes thanks for let me use your phone
and for saving my life
well good-bye Chandler
I had a great blackout see ya
hi I'm account number seven one four
three four five seven and I don't know
if you got any of that but I would
really like a copy of the tape
[Music]
[Applause]
you
[Music]
okay Ross I I realized that you didn't
expect to walk in and see that but uh
let me explain it we weren't doing
anything great he just saw us but what
you saw that that is the extent of it
okay one kiss no code is a lie we also
kissed in Barbados dude chill
okay we also kissed in Barbados but we
didn't plan it okay and the only reason
that that happened was it was because I
saw you kissing Charlie yeah you started
it look we probably should have talked
to you about this before it ever
happened but oh we feel so terrible
about this Ross yeah
but it did happen so Ross Ross can we
just close the door
[Music]
anything so yeah - oh yeah
and have you and no no no but if I
hadn't walked in here would you no no
this is not how we wanted you to find
out about this you have every right to
go nuts
I'm not going nuts do you see me going
nuts no but you know what I mean hey hey
hey if you two are happy then I'm happy
for you loud and squeaky cuz really I'm
fine
I'm saying I wasn't a little surprised
to see you guys kissing I mean at first
I was but now that I've had time to
absorb it loving this it's all working
out me and Charlie and you too you know
what we should do calm ourselves we
should all have dinner yes we'll do it
tomorrow night
Oh cook look don't you think that'll be
a little weird weird
what what's weird the only thing weird
would be if someone didn't like Mexican
food because I'm making fajitas
[Laughter]
I would like to make a toast to Rachel
and Joey llve love L is for life and
what is life without love oh my god are
we supposed to answer o is for oh wow
movie is for this very surprising turn
of events which I am still fine with by
the way
is extremely normal I find it that you
two are together
and now one day you might get married
and have children of your own
dude are you okay totally Ross you don't
seem okay I'm sorry it must be the
pressure of entertaining
feel better if we had some flan Ross I
am I have to take off no I'm sorry I
have a really early class in the morning
but this has been lovely and you thought
it would be awkward with Joey and that
you never really liked Rachel you are on
fire God reach you what Ross just said
that is just that's okay girls tend not
to like me okay I guess it's just fun
for three hey hey that rhymes
I think we think we're gonna take off
200 of course god I'm so stupid
you guys are a couple now you probably
just want to be alone
oh don't just that's fine it's totally
fine got plenty of margaritas it's all
good
I don't even know what that's for
are you uh you sure about this yeah I'm
sure
and we're okay
[Music]
that was so cool man the way you leaned
on that guy that is starting to get dark
out there he told you everything I mean
you totally cracked yeah well being out
he was the victim they're usually pretty
talkative okay but it is officially
nighttime all right Gary you want me to
grab the Barry for you it's called the
cherry
let's cut Chandler
I got it
this place makes the best sandwich in
the world hey Joe does it have meatballs
on it oh yeah yeah does that melt the
cheese in marinara sauce y'all yeah you
can't eat that in my car yeah okay even
though my tax dollars paid for this car
your tax dollars yeah okay
[Music]
wowthat's sandwich really does smell
good did I say you could smell it I
can't smell your sandwich half the taste
is in the smell you're sucking up all
the taste units okay I'll give them back
what is so great about that sandwich
okay
imagine the best sex you ever had okay
are you thinking about Monica yeah yeah
what's that like next this witness won't
return my calls so we're gonna see if we
could surprise him coming home surprise
him we're not we're not gonna make
anybody mad are we come on this is how
you're gonna squeeze the perps shoes a
little bit before you the lawyers up
it's a witness not a perp and no one
talks like that yeah no one talks like
that what like you're mr. cop hey I'm
more cop than you too how do you figure
that
hello I'm in the front seat okay I'm
Gary's partner you know when you say
partner doesn't sound cop it sounds gay
jealous hey do you mind we're undercover
here oh yeah no problem
Ross sorry sorry
hey Gary who my phone home
look it officer ross riding back here
with the visitors yeah what's up with
that Serpico we're safe right I mean
nothing bad don't go down no but that
reminds me saying this what is it it's
nothing just says you can't sue the city
if you scrape your knee or you know get
your head blown off Oh hurry up I want
to sign that okay here he comes
what is he doing what the hell is he
doing what what what what is it is
everything okay what's going on
okay he sees this don't move don't look
at him
[Music]
[Applause]
it's okay it was just a car backfire hey
look at that you tried to save your
buddy
you see that see what he did okay man
uh-huh thanks Joey
hello
right this way
so how dark do you want to be we have
one two or three well I like how you
look what are you what are we can - I
think you're gonna face the red light
when the red light goes on the spring is
about to start so close your eyes when
the spring stops count to five yourself
down to avoid drift March then turn
around so we can get your back got it
Spray count pat and turn Spray count and
pat Wow
you catch on quick well I have a PhD
one Mississippi two Mississippi three
you sprayed my front twice you never
turned no I barely even got the three
Mississippi Mississippi I said count to
five Mississippi Leslie I'm that bad yet
but it keeps getting darker for the next
four hours so how dark is it gonna get
oh you got sprayed with two twos and I'm
a four yeah look it back to zero you're
gonna want to even that out really I
want to get back in okay wait wait a
minute there's no light on the back wall
how do I know what it's gonna start
hello
the same thing happened again you got
two more tools lemonade
[Music]
[Laughter]
hold on there's something different
I went to that tanning place your wife
suggested was that place the Sun Oh
and it gets worse
oh my god you can do a duet of ebony and
ivory all by yourself
how could you mess this up it's so easy
you go into the booth you count to five
and you turn around how do you count to
five one two three dammit you go into
the booth and I'm going to stop you
right there Linda does it look like this
is my first time now I want four twos
and I want them all on my back okay
wait a minute
there's two sets of nozzles which one is
it which which which one is it
dude it's Chandler let me in go away I
don't want to see anybody I know I went
to the tanning place and the same thing
happened to me you have to let me in
really did you count mrs. Sibley you're
not tan no I just had to get a picture
of this top see you later
[Music]
you
true Joey's gonna be a celebrity guest
on a game show
really which one fish seaweed a sunken
ship things you find in the ocean
those our favorite game show ever
except for match game Oh what did I
marry into what do you guys want to come
down tomorrow and watch me tape the show
oh we can't we were throwing Vivi a
bachelorette party
yeah sorry boys this rides closing well
Chandler and I have the stupid College
Alumni thing I can't believe you get the
week donny osmond seriously yo ho I
always wanted to be Donny and Marie you
guys just keep getting cooler and cooler
yeah we used to perform for our family
and friends oh god that's right I
blocked that out rock and roll
I'm leaving you
soap-opera week here on pyramid let's
meet our contestants first gene lester
is a database specialist he's gonna be
playing with days of our life star Joey
Tribbiani
I know it could be intimidating for
regular people to be around celebrities
but relax I'm just like you only better
looking - richer General Hospital Leslie
Charleson welcome everybody good luck to
all of you let's play pyramid all right
we clip the coin before the show gene
you won the toss so you're gonna start
which category would you like I'll take
you cross the line you crossed the line
Joey describe for gene these things that
have lines give me 20 seconds on the
clock please
ready go okay it's a store like a
supermarket I'm writing in my diary no
more like I know if I'm building a house
the plan isn't called a shoe print in
high school I once had sex with a girl
right in the middle of the cafeteria
yeah but that's not what they're looking
for
[Applause]
I must remind you you need all six of
these to stay in the game all right
describe for Joey things you find in
your refrigerator no just give us the
points 20 seconds on the clock
ready go you put this in your coffee a
spoon your hands your face it's white
paper so a ghost it's heavier than milk
a rock dog the earth you put this on a
sandwich tsunami anchovies Jam it's
white paper so a ghost it's made from
eggs chickens a hamburger yes gosh stop
Oh times up Joey you were almost on a
roll there a G you're gonna have a
chance to go to the winner's circle in
the second half but right now Henrietta
you are going to the winner's circle to
try your luck for $10,000
also we didn't win but it's fun to play
the game right
I got a kid starting college I'd get
surgery on my knee you just lost me ten
grand Wow I'm so sorry okay I promise we
will do better next time
well I will because I won't be playing
with you you know some of those are
pretty hard like why would it be a ghost
in my fridge you picked Jack and Jill
went up the hill oh my friend Rachel has
a kid I totally know Nursery Rhymes
Joey describe these things associated
with the United States Congress maybe 20
seconds on the clock please
ready go
[Music]
bass
that's okay the little thing that hangs
down in the back here though you get up
oh then pass
hey Henrietta you didn't get all the
points you needed so that means gene you
are going to the winner's circle to try
for $10,000 and you're gonna be going
there with Joey Tribbiani
welcome to the winner's circle Joey Dean
you guys ready yeah sure okay give me 60
seconds on the clock please
ready go Oh maple Elm Burke I don't know
types of trees
[Applause]
buenos dias enchilada porfavor I'm so
sorry I don't know any Spanish words I
match a candle things that goats when
you put them out I torch a bonfire your
pee things it burned I like to go for a
walk
scratch my belly dude I think you're
losing it I have fur I like to bark oh
what a dog says
[Applause]
Cindy Crawford Christie Brinkley Heidi
Klum Claudia Schiffer Oh Christy
Turlington Kate Moss girls Chandler
could never get
[Music]
what you you didn't do anything wrong
I said I didn't technically let's put
aside the fact that you accidentally
picked up my grandmother's ring and you
accidentally proposed to Rachel can I
just stop you right there for a second
when people do this I don't really know
what that means
you sang and I can even understand that
you couldn't tell Rachel but why
couldn't you tell me huh you had all day
- and you didn't I know I should have
I'm sorry
not using it right Joe
I'm gonna go oh look we have to get past
this give me the bag no I don't know
what else to do I said I'm sorry Joey
now you should scream at me or curse me
or hit me why not
you'll feel better I'll feel better and
you know you want to I can see it in
your eyes
no I don't a little bit know a little
bit know a little bit more give me the
bat me Joe it give me the bat hit me I'm
not kidding me no head me head me head
me Eddie
[Applause]
I'm sorry yo it was a reflex oh my god
it's really hurt I couldn't help it when
a fist comes at your face you doc look
[Applause]
why didn't you die what do we talk about
this on the way to the hospital good
good yeah baby while we're there they
can check your reflexes
[Applause]
did Rachel tell you we hired a male
Manny yeah I think that's great
oh really did she tell you he plays the
recorder recites poetry and bakes
Madeline's how are they lighter than air
but that's not the point
hey hey Rachel and I hired a male nanny
Billy guys do this that's weird
thank you yeah that's like a woman
wanting to be a what Oh what what's the
end of that sentence
yes what is the end of that sentence a
penis mom
[Applause]
hey did you tell Chandler that some guy
from work is the funniest guy you ever
met yeah so Wow
really do you not know Chandler is that
why he's acting so weird he's jealous my
god that is crazy it's something I'm
attracted to Geoffrey so it was being
funny is Chandler's thing you know like
Ross's thing is science academia being a
good father I can't believe he's that
upset about this
Monica you have to do some damage
control here okay because he's feeling
like hey hey hey
what are you guys talking about Rachel
and I hired a male nanny
you got a man who's a nanny you got a
Manny
[Applause]
you know I don't mind a male nanny but I
do draw the line of male wet-nurse
you guys were coming over I want to
brought more pizzas
[Applause]
what is so funny about that
I don't know it's what just the way you
say it
anybody even that funny thing you're my
guy did you tell her what we talked
about
yeah
so those were pity laughs pretty laughs
hey you have nothing to worry about with
Jeffery oh yeah
is he funnier than me well you're you're
different funny I mean you're more
sarcastic and well he does bits and
impressions and and limericks
I do limericks there once was a man in
Chandler whose wife made him die inside
you know I think you're hilarious but
you know that joke you told me last week
the one about Jerry Lewis and the girl
with the lazy eye slayed me hey I made
up that joke and told it to you
not knowing when to shut up
nope that's my thing
okay I'm officially unpacked thanks for
helping me mad Joe well I guess Joey
went home oh and look there's still one
box that I have to unpack oh my god you
almost gave me a heart attack
so uh well this this is uh this is
awkward yeah well you know cause Rachel
and I used to go out oh I didn't I
didn't know that oh well then this is
awkward so what do you I think we're
here yeah yeah excuse me I'm sorry I
think you may be in our seats no I don't
think so
can we take a look at your ticket sure
yep yeah see this says d13 and oh well I
thought that thought yeah well that
didn't really work out too well for it
did you idiot
thirteen okay look you're surrounded by
even numbers is that gonna be some clue
uh sure hold oh oh the usher must be
right what was all the training they go
through here
hey man you want the aisle I'm good
tommy's supposed to be here soon we're
going to lunch look look I wasn't gonna
say anything to you but alright I don't
think you should be seeing Tommy anymore
you don't know the guy is mean I mean
really mean I think you should stay away
from him
hmm or maybe I should stay away from all
men it's not just because I'm jealous
okay look the guy he screamed he
actually screamed at this couple sitting
in our seats yeah at the end of the play
he he got up you know and he just
started like banging his hands together
okay fine
fine you don't want to believe me no
that's fine mr. whoa oh sorry Tom
what's in the cup Ross what is in the
cup okay
it's coffee iced coffee tell me it's
iced coffee it's hot hi coffee
it gonna spill my coffee already huh
what are you just a big dumb stupid
don't be idiot with a don't be idiot
hairdo
going to the beach when it stays light
real late what's your favorite thing
about summer hmm I don't know probably
the smell of freshly cut grass that's a
good one
hey you mind if I use the phone ouch use
ours across the hall because she has
problems thank you oh oh sorry Tommy I
almost spilled this hot coffee on you
but you didn't know but it's it's it's
it's hot
Ross would you just stop it it's getting
really old hey there little fella just a
fuzzy man how you doing creature oh look
at me I'm so cute I'm a hill chick who's
disgusting so stupid how are you not yet
extinct
what are you quacking about dumb Donald
dodo
step away from the duck oh sorry little
mr. chickadee so you would do to you my
hand well I guess we're not going out
anymore